Let's go, old lady
Uncle aunt
We need not be afraid
They dare not do anything to you now
These two old things can come to the Su family
It's too much for Xu Feng
Yo, isn't this Sister Magnolia?
Long time no see you
Why are you here?
Han Jing, what do you want?
It stinks. Did you go out to take a shower?
Why can't I come and ask?
An old thing gave face, didn't it?
I advise you to leave quickly
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to you.
You little bitch
It's so smoky to open your mouth
You pick the stinky man my daughter doesn't want
Still waiting for these two immortals
What a disgrace to the richest man in Su
Why did you and my daughter lose face on me?